Bias, Fairness and Ethical Challenges

Next let's talk about bias.
0:03
Fairness in risk. Three areas where the gap between intention and outcomes can be significant.
0:10
Bias mitigation is one of the hardest practical challenges because it's not just a technical problem.
0:15
It involves data quality, model behavior, institutional processes all together.
0:19
It's also a reflection of the data that it's trained on in.
0:26
Um, as you may have, uh, noticed over, over time, the internet contains a lot of biases.
0:30
Hiring is a classic example of where these many, uh, uh,
0:37
show resume screening tools can amplify historical biases if they're trained on data that reflects past inequities.
0:41
The organizations doing this well don't just test their models before they launch.
0:50
They pair the testing with a process for forums like Structured interviews,
0:53
human review thresholds, and they monitor for, uh, drift over time in the health, in health care.
0:58
The stakes are even higher. Studies have shown that some diagnostic tools perform differently across demographic groups,
1:05
responsible adopters, and best represent representative data, clinical validation, and human oversight.
1:11
On the risk management side. Privacy and confidential confidentiality are non-negotiables.
1:18
Several companies have had incidents where sensitive internal data was leaked through prompts to the public.
1:23
Uh, in fact, IBM released uh, a study saying 13% of organizations reported having some type of breach.
1:30
Good practices means classifying your data using enterprise deployments, uh,
1:37
around sensitive material and training people on what not to share and what they can't share.
1:42
Uh, hallucinations and fabricated informations are another area where models can tend to fail.
1:49
Remember, um, there were lawyers who were sanctioned for citing fake cases.
1:56
Uh, base fake case law generated by AI.
2:01
Um, countermeasures here are procedural. Uh, I always say, uh, verify and then trust.
2:05
Uh, and then their security prompt injection, where, uh, Melissa, malicious instructions are hidden in documents or web pages to hijack an AI agent.
2:13
And I've got a, like, hot off the press use case of that that, um, is it really kind of exemplifies how this can happen.
2:24
So teams are now red teaming for these risk and building controls like um uh allow tool allow list in how to sanitize some of the inputs.
2:34
Um, as you work on your personal statements, think about how you handle these risks.
2:45
Uh, in your own I use.
2