Week 5 Overview: The Future of AI in Business

Welcome to week five in the final week of business applications in AI.
0:08
Over the past four weeks, you've created a strong foundation when it comes to understanding the current state of AI.
0:11
You've worked with tools, examine the ethical and governance dimensions, and explored how different stakeholders view these technologies.
0:17
We'd discuss new model releases and where we are with the current landscape.
0:24
This week we're going to bring all of this together. Here's the question.
0:29
The week is built around. Given everything we've learned, how should you actually actually lead through this level of uncertainty?
0:32
Because if there's one thing the experts agree on, it's it that it's that they don't agree what's going to happen next.
0:40
Some of the most credible voices in the field believe we're approaching transformative AI within a few years.
0:46
Others who are equally just as credible believe that the real economic impact will take decades.
0:53
Some think we may be heading toward another AI winner.
0:59
Others think regulation will be the defining constraint. Rather than picking one forecast and hoping we are right.
1:03
This week we'll look at multiple scenarios for the future,
1:09
and we're going to apply scenario planning a proven methodology for leading through genuine uncertainty.
1:12
Here's what you'll work through this week. We'll start with why scenario planning is more valuable than prediction when it comes to AI strategy.
1:19
Then a short primer on scenario planning. And then I'm going to give you one example of what could be an accelerator or a bottleneck.
1:26
Uh, the compute factor that the build out that it's going to be needed.
1:35
Uh, and it's really going to shape how in what future materializes.
1:39
When we're going to look at the four distinct AI scenarios, each one built, uh, with its own section,
1:44
with dedicated sources, and connect this with some of your perspective work from last week.
1:51
Uh, then we're going to wrap up the class, your week five assignment.
1:57
Uh, then takes you to the future.
2:01
You will choose a time horizon, either 5 or 10 years in the future, and select one of the scenarios we discussed this week.
2:04
You're going to record a video of you from the future, looking back at the decisions that made your organization successful under the scenario.
2:11
I'd encourage you to review the assignment instructions along with the module so you can develop your thinking as you read.
2:19
As you review each scenario, know that there are additional supplemental, uh,
2:26
articles and notebook elements, uh, to allow you to take a deeper dive into whichever future you choose.
2:29
Now, you may not be able to get through all of this, uh, material this week.
2:36
Uh, there is a lot there. But I also hope that you can revisit this as the landscape of AI, uh, continues to evolve.
2:40
So let's get started and dive in.
2:48
