Week 1 Overview

Welcome to business applications in AI in week one.
0:09
Before we dive into this week's content, I want to give you an overall view of some of the organization and design of the course.
0:12
I always try to take a collaborative approach when speaking with business community leaders, faculty, students, not I.
0:18
I think over the years I've learned as much from others as they have for me.
0:25
And when I was thinking about teaching this course, that was the first thing that came to mind.
0:29
How do I take that same collaborative approach and adapt it to an asynchronous course?
0:33
Many of these models do not come with instructions, and we're going to get into some of the reasons why that is later in the course.
0:39
But we all have our specific lenses in which we view AI.
0:46
More importantly, that technology is changing so rapidly and moving so quickly, it's hard for any one person to keep track of it all.
0:51
I wanted to think of a way that we all can contribute to this course, outside of the typical discussion board discussion board format,
0:58
where it's response and reply response and reply that you may have used in other courses.
1:06
And that's not to knock it. It has its value. But, uh, my my solution here was Microsoft Teams.
1:12
I know what many of you are thinking right now, Microsoft Teams, you may have used this daily or use this throughout your time in the program.
1:20
I know my experiences with teams is often kind of.
1:29
And uh, however, we're going to try to use utilize our, uh, MBA 680 teams class.
1:32
And I that I've activated here, we're going to post videos that we create in class so that we all can share and see what we're doing in experiencing.
1:39
I'm going to add your week one introductions and I business case uh, studies in the team class.
1:47
And weeks three and four we will have an I share out where you'll discuss an article on I a case uh, review a tool.
1:53
Uh, and you're going to post that, uh, both uh, in the classes, your submission and in the team site.
2:03
And then there'll be details, uh, later, uh, on, uh, in those assignment details.
2:08
I'm going to also post relevant articles that may not fit with the scope of what we're covering, uh, for our specific week.
2:14
And I are encouraged you to share anything you come across as well.
2:21
Uh, my hope is that collectively, we're all going to learn together.
2:25
Uh, during the next five weeks, the weekly modules I view is a way for me to kind of collect resources that cover the topic for that given week.
2:28
Often you'll see that I utilize notebook LM to create explainer videos that help cut through some of the technical pieces,
2:38
uh, and I, but I always include the source material if you want to take that deeper dive.
2:45
My hope is this creates a class that's both interactive and informative as we get started.
2:52
I want to ground our discussions going forward when training AI data researchers, ground models, uh, outputs to real world facts.
2:59
Give it context. Enough borrowed. That term is we're going to set the parameters for our discussions.
3:07
We all come to this conversation to this class with different experiences and perspectives of AI.
3:14
It's okay if you don't know where to start. There is an entry point for everyone.
3:21
It's okay to have doubts about AI and its a potential use cases, however, and we'll cover this in the in the class.
3:28
AI is not going away. The rate of change is rapid.
3:36
What's true today may not be true tomorrow. So herein lies that question of how do we try to balance and the fears and potential downsides of AI,
3:42
which there are understandable and valid with its potential.
3:52
And that's kind of where I want to leave you right now in this video.
3:57
And as you think about that question, um, I hope we can get and begin to get some of those answers.
4:01
Uh, in the class, I again and looking forward to working with you over the next five weeks, and I can't wait to get started.
4:07